Update methods.md (#40667)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/methods.md

  g(::Float64, ::Float64)
```

> The order in which the methods are defined does not matter and neither is more specific
> than the other. Here the call `g(2.0, 3.0)` could be handled by either the
> `g(Float64, Any)` or the `g(Any, Float64)` method. In such cases, Julia raises a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here the call `g(2.0, 3.0)` could be handled by either the `g(::Float64, ::Any)` or the
`g(::Any, ::Float64)` method. The order in which the methods are defined does not matter and
neither is more specific than the other. In such cases, Julia raises a
```
I would put the second sentence first. Saying `neither is more specific` before even naming the methods in question seems confusing.

The suggestion also changes `g(Float64, Any)` to `g(::Float64, ::Any)`.

[`MethodError`](@ref) rather than arbitrarily picking a method. You can avoid method

> ambiguities by specifying an appropriate method for the intersection case: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ambiguities by specifying an appropriate method for the intersection case:
```
Removing whitespace at the end of the line.

  g(::Float64, ::Float64)
```

> The order in which the methods are defined does not matter and neither is more specific than the other.  Here the call `g(2.0, 3.0)` could be handled by either the `g(Float64, Any)` or the `g(Any, Float64)` method. In such cases, Julia raises a [`MethodError`](@ref) rather than arbitrarily picking a method. You can avoid method ambiguities by specifying an appropriate method for the intersection case:

Reviewer 2: Can you split this up into multiple lines? We generally try to adhere to a maximum line length of 92 characters, because it often makes diffs easier to read and is easier to edit.

Author: Sorry Simeon, this is my very first PR. Do you mean to split the paragraph into two parts? Or do you mean that I should add a line break at the end of each sentence? Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Yes, I meant just adding some newlines in between, doesn't have to only be between sentences. Something like:
```suggestion
The order in which the methods are defined does not matter and neither is more specific
than the other. Here the call `g(2.0, 3.0)` could be handled by either the
`g(Float64, Any)` or the `g(Any, Float64)` method. In such cases, Julia raises a
[`MethodError`](@ref) rather than arbitrarily picking a method. You can avoid method
ambiguities by specifying an appropriate method for the intersection case: 
```

> The order in which the methods are executed does not matter and neither is more specific than the other.  Here the call `g(2.0, 3.0)` could be handled by either the `g(Float64, Any)` or the `g(Any, Float64)` method. In such cases, Julia raises a [`MethodError`](@ref) rather than arbitrarily picking a method. You can avoid method ambiguities by specifying an appropriate method for the intersection case:

Reviewer 3: I would change this from methods are executed to methods are defined.

Author: Agreed. I've made the suggested edit.

type `Vector{T}` in the method signature:

```jldoctest
julia> function myappend(v::Vector{T}, x::T) where {T}
           return [v..., x]
       end
myappend (generic function with 1 method)
```

The type parameter `T` in the function's signature ensures that the type of the new `v` is preserved after element `x` is appended to it. 

> The function's signature is preceded by the keyword `where` and is placed immediately after the method arguments. When only one type parameter is used, the curly braces are optional. An equivalent one-line definition is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function's signature is preceded by the keyword `where` and is placed immediately after the method arguments. When only one type parameter is used, the curly braces are optional. An equivalent one-line definition would be:
```

Reviewer: I would just delete the part about the one-line definition. The two equivalent ways of defining methods are described at the top of the [Functions](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/functions/) section of the manual, I don’t see the point of repeating it here.

Reviewer 2: I am fine with either way.

Author: sostock, you're right of course, but while I knew about the one-line style of definition I still got confused because my brain was focused on trying to understand the notation for types. And the section on Functions does not show types. I think it's useful to verbally explain the meaning of `f(x::T) where T = T`. The explanation could be moved a few lines down where this appears: `mytypeof(x::T) where {T} = T`.

Reviewer: Maybe the one-line part could just be shortened, basically just saying something like “parametric method definition also works with the short-form syntax, which would look like this:”

Author: > This is my first PR and I'm not entirely sure how I was to proceed. I went to the "commits" tab, edited, and committed again. I didn't want to overwrite the suggestions made by Simeon though. But do feel free to edit and put this matter to rest. Many thanks for your help!

type `Vector{T}` in the method signature:

```jldoctest
julia> function myappend(v::Vector{T}, x::T) where {T}

>            return [v..., x]

Reviewer: Would it be more idiomatic to remove the `return` here?

Author: I always put an explicit return, it helps me read, but please feel free to remove it. The line break after `where {t}` is what helps the most understand where the type signature ends.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, the `return` here look fine to me

Reviewer: I’m fine with the `return` staying there, no problem.

Should we maybe change `[v..., x]` to `[v; x]` in order to not encourage splatting vectors?

Reviewer 2: Maybe, but since it already was like this before, I don't think we necessarily need to change that in this PR.

       end
myappend (generic function with 1 method)
```

> The type parameter `T` in the function's signature ensures that the type of the new `v` is preserved after element `x` is appended to it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the type parameter `T` in the function's signature, this method only applies if `x` is of the element type of `v`.
```

Talking about a “new `v`” is misleading, since the original vector is not changed. There is only a “new `v`” if you call the function like `v = myappend(v, x)`. If you call it like `something_else = myappend(v, x)`, `v` still has the old value.

Author: Ah yes. How about this? 

The type parameter `T` in the function's signature constrains the method to operate on the same types: element `x` is appended to `v` only if it is of the same type as the elements of `v`, otherwise a method error is returned. 

(Am I understanding correctly? Thanks.)

Reviewer: To me, “constrains the method to operate on the same types” sounds wrong, since `v` and `x` are not of the same type (`v` is a `Vector`, `x` not necessarily). Also, the `MethodError` is thrown, not returned.

Reviewer: How about this:

The type parameter `T` in the method signature restricts the possible argument types: the method applies only when `x` is of the same type as the elements of `v`.

Author: Yes, that's clear to me. Do we also append "and throws a method error otherwise" ?

Reviewer: I think it would be best to use the sentence from below the second code block before this one, i.e.:

> As you can see, the type of the appended element must match the element type of the vector it is appended to, or else a `MethodError` is raised. The type parameter `T` in the method signature restricts the possible argument types: the method applies only when `x` is of the same type as the elements of `v`.

The sentence could then be removed from the second code block. I think it is better to keep the explanation in one paragraph, not part of it below the first and part below the second code block. To make this consistent, we should also move the examples into the first code block, so that the second code block only shows the short-form syntax.

> The function's signature is preceded by the keyword `where` and is placed immediately after the method arguments. 

Reviewer: I think it is weird to explain this here, since the `where` syntax has been used since the beginning of the section.

> When only one type parameter is used, the curly braces are optional. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is already explained at the end of the section.

Parametric method definition also works with the short-form syntax.

> An equivalent one-line definition would be:

Reviewer: The one-line form is already used at the beginning of the section, so it doesn’t need to be introduced here again. Maybe all of the explanations in this PR should instead be added to the first example in the section (`same_type`) instead of this one.

Author: Frankly I think it will be easier if you move the paragraph to the better location. I have now given you write access if you want to use it, please do. I think you understand the parts where I was confused better than me!

```jldoctest
julia> myappend(v::Vector{T}, x::T) where T = [v..., x]
myappend (generic function with 1 method)

> julia> myappend([1,2,3],4)

Reviewer: I would move the examples to the first code block.

Author: Your suggestions sound good (but not being able to see all the code blocks in this window, I'm a little lost). I'm not sure how to edit from here. In this window this is what I see:

<img width="1424" alt="b" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6339274/117062169-f9926880-acd7-11eb-92ab-6348e4cef614.png">

If I go back to the main window into the "Commits" tab, this is what I see:

<img width="1425" alt="a" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6339274/117062253-1af35480-acd8-11eb-9b33-65d2f9531cdb.png">

I just don't know where I'm supposed to click now.

Sorry this is getting tedious here. Feel free to commit the changes you see fit. You guys have managed to help me clarify the main misunderstandings and the parts of the docs look clearer to me now. Thanks for your help.

Reviewer: I don’t have write access to the julia repo, so I don’t think it will let me push to your branch. I can try to put all my suggestions into one review, then you should be able to commit them.

Author: Sounds good. Please do. Sorry that I'm new to the commit routine. Thanks!

Author: I have just figured out I could add you as a "collaborator" to give you write access. I added you and Simeon. Feel free to edit if you have time/desire. Thanks a lot.

[...]
```

> The type parameter `T` in the signature of the function ensures that appending element `x` to `v` preserves the type of the new `v`. In the function signature, `[v..., x]`, the three dots `...` stand for the regular splatting operator, while the square brackets stand for the vector with all the elements of `v` unpacked and `x` appended to it. The meaning of `{T} = [v..., x]` is that all the elements of the vector are constrained to be of the same type. Note that `{T} = v` has a different meaning as `v` refers to the container and not its elements. Note also that `{T} = [v...]` would not quite work as intended because the method constructor does not yet know that `x` is to become an element of the new vector `v`.

Reviewer: Talking about `{T} = [v..., x]` like this does not make much sense. `{T}` is part of the method signature, not the body. As such, `{T} = [v..., x]` doesn’t have a meaning, it’s not even valid Julia syntax (you cannot assign a value to `{T}`).

Author: Yes, I realize that. And this is what made the whole `{T} = ...` difficult to process. Perhaps giving more examples would help. What would the syntax for a `Tuplet`? (square brackets too?)  When can the curly brackets around `T` be omitted? Please do make suggestions that could be used to improve the docs. Thanks.

Reviewer: Maybe it’s easier to talk about it when using the long-form method syntax. The following are equivalent:
```julia
myappend(v::Vector{T}, x::T) where {T} = [v..., x]
```
```julia
function myappend(v::Vector{T}, x::T) where {T}
    return [v..., x]
end
```
As you can see, the second version has no `{T} = ...`.

To return a `Tuple` instead of a `Vector`, you would use round brackets, i.e., `return (v..., x)`. However, this has nothing to do with the parametric method syntax that is explained in this section. It is just the usual syntax to create `Vector`s and `Tuple`s, respectively.

The curly brackets around `T` can be omitted here, they are only necessary when using several type parameters in the signature. For example, one could define a method `myappend(v::Vector{T}, x::S) where {T,S}`. Here, the curly brackets around `T,S` are necessary.

Author: Thanks sostock! I see I had totally misunderstood the function signature syntax. I thought the ``= [v...,x]`` part was part of the signature, but now I see that it's only the ``where {T}`` part. 

Introducing the long-form method syntax first, and then saying that it could be written in an equivalent short-form, as you do, would have been clear. I'm not sure how many new users are likely to be confused by this. Perhaps more than one, because ``where {T}`` is pretty cryptic (I've got to re-read the docs to see if I understand it).

Author: > Talking about `{T} = [v..., x]` like this does not make much sense. `{T}` is part of the method signature, not the body. As such, `{T} = [v..., x]` doesn’t have a meaning, it’s not even valid Julia syntax (you cannot assign a value to `{T}`).

After seeing the long-form version, your comment now makes sense. I knew {T} was part of the method signature, but somehow I ended up thinking that the part after the equal sign was also a part of it. I was confused by the equal sign.  I think it really helps to show the long-form and short-form side by side. The line break in the long form makes it clear where the signature ends, the equal sign not so much (to a newbie anyway). Thanks again for your help.

[...]
```

In the short-form definition, the equal sign in `where T =` marks the end of the function's signature and the start of the function's body. 

> If the type of the appended element does not match the element type of the vector it is appended to, a [`MethodError`](@ref) is raised. In the following example, the method type parameter `T` is used as the return value:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the type of the appended element does not match the element type of the vector it is appended to, a [`MethodError`](@ref) is raised. In the following example, the method's type parameter `T` is used as the return value:
```
